{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15300\viewh12000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ---\

\f1\b PLEASE READ THIS FIRST
\f0\b0 \
---\
\
This font is granted for personal use and demo purpose only. There is limited glyphs/characters for this demo version. \
\
Need a full version with complete special characters, uniques ligatures, oldstyle figure, and other great features? you can easily get the font here : https://crmrkt.com/O6rM36\
\
If you need to use this font for any commercial product/project, broadcast, mobile apps, etc. You  need an additional license to validate this font, please shoot your message to zeune.ink@gmail.com\
\
We do respect your interests and we also strive in making this product for you. If you want to buy us a cup of coffee (or two?), we'll be very happy! Please put your donation for this font to our Paypal at gravisuals@gmail.com\
\
\

\f2\i ---\

\f3\b FOR INDONESIAN FOLKS!
\f2\b0 \
---
\f0\i0 \
\

\f2\i Font ini diterbitkan di dafont.com untuk keperluan pribadi saja. Edisi ini memiliki karakter atau glyphs yang terbatas dibanding versi premium nya.\
\
Jika anda membutuhkan versi lengkap nya, silahkan dapatkan pada tautan berikut : https://crmrkt.com/O6rM36\
\
Jika anda memerlukan font ini untuk keperluan komersil (produk/project), iklan media cetak/elektronik, aplikasi ponsel, dll. Maka anda membutuhkan lisensi khusus untuk memvalidasi font ini, jangan ragu untuk hubungi kami di zeune.ink@gmail.com\
\
Kami sangat menghargai kebutuhan anda dan berjuang dalam pembuatan font ini, bila anda ingin berdonasi silahkan tujukan donasi anda melalui Paypal kami di gravisuals@gmail.com
\f0\i0 \
\
}